hello dr. wasabi remember me hmm me
degenerate goth girls everyday honey
what makes you so special
[Music]
[Applause]
while American Cartoon Network shows are
a household name most people I doubt
recognize the foreign stuff that CN has
produced outside of gumball or maybe
Powerpuff Girls II it's a whole another
world that American CN has mostly
ignored like you ever hear of aka cult
tune it was essentially the origin of
youtube poop back in 1989 mixing
hanna-barbera cartoons with random clips
of 70s blacksploitation wrestling and
celebrity interviews it's very
experimental plus it was hosted by an
official black recolor of Dexter's Lab
of all things it's the main man of the
house Jackie potato and coming up we're
gonna get Chop Suey with Hong Kong
Phooey give it some gas with the Wacky
Races pay a visit to Rio Ferdinand and
Trevor Sinclair and book a ticket to
danger Alan first this is freaking real
and just another product of Cartoon
Network's many strange to national
productions and the one I'm talking
about today is 2007's chop-socky Chuck's
sorry to pry this one out of your
repressed memories chop-socky is a CG
cartoon produced by both Cartoon Network
Europe with Aardman animation known for
wallace and gromit and kraid by one of
their stop-motion animators Sergio
Delfino that's my favorite Plaza this is
a cartoon I absolutely admire the art of
and was actually doing pretty well in
ratings yet even during the Tron some
people have considered ugly and possibly
offensive but isn't really will get him
to that cue the intro it's just a jam
time
[Music]
chop suey chokes chop-socky chokes was
yet another mm episodic action cartoon
it was about these three kung-fu chicken
to protect this dystopian city that's
really one gigantic mall yes the whole
city is a mall and these are in fact
chickens and not some sort of bowling
pin humans or Roger from American dad
looking asses hey did these characters
look anything like the animals they
represent I don't think so
maybe with their pinhead designs this
show can have a reboot via bowling alley
screams now the name really raised a lot
of questions chops sake Chuck's
chop-socky refers to kung fu films and
Shooks to a lot of people sounds like a
racial slur but it's just Australian
slang for chicken it's not anything bad
the way I see it this reminds me a lot
of the 2003 party fighting game kung fu'
chaos Mike camera
many reviewers at its release and even
today consider that game racist already
covered it in one my favorite videos but
after I upload at that I found a good
article about chaos it cites how the
games publisher Microsoft showed the
game to quote various ethnic groups to
make sure they wouldn't find it
offensive and nobody did it's making fun
of kung-fu movies it's not really machi
Nations at least I think it's not I'm
not Asian
maybe chop-socky is another Speedy
Gonzales situation where in 1999 Cartoon
Network refused to air his shorts when
Mexicans actually really liked that
character there's probably nothing
offensive about chop-socky chucks like
look at this cast you got chickpea the
Tom girl who doesn't put up with
anyone's BS there's ko Joe this
jive-talking humanoid chicken that does
not represent any particular race of
humans and you got sensei Chuckie Chan
no relation the book-smart one who has
two English voice actors yeah in some
countries like the US we got an
alternate dub where everything's the
same except they got rid of his accent
and made him fumble less phrases here's
a comparison site oh he's probably the
word for which you such psycho is
probably the word for which you seek
oweme oweme oweme you were to do well to
remember that the turtle does not learn
backstroke in the cornfield oh oh oh you
would do well to remember that the
turtle does not learn the backstroke in
the cornfield yeah I wonder why they
redubbed him apparently it's unknown who
replaced him the credits for both
versions are the exact same so they're
either uncredited or the same white guy
we did the job but at least they
corrected themselves I wouldn't
personally say this shows totally racist
we're like questionable like they
generally didn't know and we're willing
to fix it
Plus consider that it's the UK they're
not as sensitive I don't think they
don't get as offended unless you call
them a spam
mistakes were made like this scene where
Chucky is learning English on tape dick
[Music]
I thought that tape was saying the same
phrase he's translating but some my fans
on Twitter confirmed its gibberish that
vaguely sounds Chinese okay look it's
like saying bla bla bla but with a
specific language I'm sure that's what
they were thinking they probably didn't
know better it's not like they pulled a
Looney Tunes and made a buck-toothed
slanted eyed round glasses we're an
Asian character the entire population of
wasabi Wong is invited orange white look
it's fine they made changes they
understand where they messed up let's
not pull a James gun here this series
has other qualities than two scenes I
pulled out of context do not worry
they all say that so how's the show
itself
well this cartoon came out in the 2000s
when everyone was kung fu fighting again
maybe it was a combination of 70s
nostalgia DVDs making Miche cult films
cheaper Jackie Chan's popularity anime
The Matrix Crouching Tiger another wire
foo action there was just so much kung
fu media and especially cartoons like
who the hell watch skunk foo let me
rephrase that who actually remembers
skunk foo the only notable thing about
that series was Ghostface Killah of Wu
Tang did the theme song I'm serious
[Music]
conceptually chop-socky jokes doesn't
really stand out from the other kung-fu
action comedies and character why is
they leave a bad first impression too
many early episodes don't give the
chokes enough time with their daily
lives working day jobs they're too quick
to jump into the action and you really
don't get a strong feel for their
characters like KO jo who exactly is ko
outside his hero work he's an [__]
though after a few episodes they realize
it's best to write that into the plot
I like seeing these possibly college-age
characters having different jobs coming
together during break to just watch TV
or go out to drink some tea chops sake
definitely needed a few episodes before
it got its footing life with episode 6
if looks could kill this is where the
girl chick pea reunites with her
childhood friend Oni who turns evil and
looks like my little sis her here it
feels like they knew how to balance the
character growth with the comedy with
own ease mind control powers she now
refers to herself as Deadeye I thought
she was a good character and was hoping
she'd return to further develop the plot
but in the show's 26 episode run this
character only appeared once before we
left Oni and I promised to stay friends
forever I made a wish someday we'd be
together
so did you stay in touch you a lot chops
lucky chokes is a fun show yet I do
appreciate them trying to ease into some
more serious villains and storylines it
doesn't fully go for it nor does it have
to but part of me wishes they did more
like if we're comparing these chickens
to Turtles it's the 80s TMNT yet I could
see a more Cyril eyes dream ood working
for these characters I love the main
villain dr. wasabi there's piranhas
apparently I thought it was a literal
piece of wasabi or a citizen of a bean
bean Kingdom but no witness gorilla body
guard Bubba they control the mall and
all its media pretty interesting to have
a bad guy who already rules the world
regarding their height difference they
really remind me of the villains from
robot boy the two big guys even share
the same voice actor Rupert Degas now
like I said before the art style is
something I'm glad I can gush about and
I'm sure others would agree and I've
seen people who look down upon these
designs to that I will greatly disagree
to me this is one of the most stylish TV
animations ever it really holds up way
better than other CG cartoons from the
era like tack or barnyard plus it was
inspired by the rise of urban vinyl
figures
[Music]
during the 2000 the art of designer toys
was really taking off it was at niche
time before Funko pops took over when
mainstream audiences weren't exactly
aware of vinyl but industry artists were
you had all these Cartoon Network nude
era bumpers there was this British
puppet show called strange Hill High the
ps3 game ModNation racers featured
designs from the co-creator the nut
shack I'm not kidding
it may not be for everyone but
chop-socky has style oh sure it's fun
now until someone loses an eye it's toy
influenced really defines its look
there's a real flow to everyone I want
so on figurine two these Chuck's or even
the background characters it's as if
they forced 2d doodles into 3d reminds
me it would book a life did years later
but what I say these characters are ugly
they're unconventional like duck man not
every character has to be bangable to be
well-designed don't flatter yourself
they're not so bad when you see how
weird they were as babies trust me as
for the environments having this
towering neon mall location is such a
fun setting it's basically a city but
it's so big there's essentially tribal
people living in a far-off section of it
like what else is in here a whale's
vagina animation why is it's fine but
sometimes the punches like a sense of to
the action like there's no way to it
again
TV CG in the 2000s wasn't exactly the
best also again much like the writing
the animation seems to improve over time
I really wonder where this show could
have been had it gone on longer but this
reminds me I actually emailed an artist
who designed the characters and setting
Danny Capozzi who also wishes there was
more Oni and even sent me some old
concept art of her I'm thinking she's
mean and she's a goth you don't judge me
before I read their email and find out
why these chicks don't look like
chickens we'll be back after these
messages
coming up next
manscaped back at it again it's yep
manscaped you want to shave your
lawnmower 3.0 it's not for your face
it's for anywhere below your neck it's
TSA friendly you wish the TSA would cuff
your clean-shaven balls for carrying
this around get 20% off plus free
shipping and two free gifts with the
code taxi 20 at manscape calm and look
at this it's got a light in case you're
spelunking on the moon and want to shave
it's perfect for where the Sun don't
shine I'm too afraid to look at my own
reflection in the mirror so this is
perfect for me and don't worry about
cuts its skin save technology no Nick's
no snags guaranteed and plus the 3.0 is
backwards compatible meaning you can use
the 2.0 replaceable ceramic trimmer
blade and vice versa P is for a
backwards compatible but this is once
again get 20% off plus free shipping and
two free gifts with the code taxi 20 at
manscape comm your balls will thank you
and so will I man escapes also works for
female sexes too
[Music]
so I love how some of these guys are
sitting alone and maybe without food
half of them look like they got their
legs blown off and AM it's like a
waiting room in the afterlife anyway
the designers email
[Music]
Daniel tells me how the characters were
first designed for a 2d style inspired
by graphic nightclub Flyers the chokes
working have beaks but he felt that
wouldn't be as unique now earlier I
thought only America got the altered
English dub for Chucky Chan but
according to him halfway through the
series they had to change Chucky's voice
for everyone since they got several
concerns it was never meant to offend
and they just wanted to pay tribute to
the martial arts stars they grew up with
surprisingly chops uh keys viewership
had good ratings and was steadily rising
it was looking to be Cartoon Network's
next big action franchise but the
channel got a hold of another show Star
Wars nagira
in Los Lunas once they got Star Wars on
their channel chop-socky wasn't as
important yep put that in the memorial
wall of projects abandoned thanks to
Star Wars there's only a room in this
schedule for one question alia racist
franchise around here it was looking bad
and with all those other kung fu
cartoons coming out chop-socky chokes
just wasn't looking so original so 26
episodes is all it got going back to
Danny's email he concludes with we all
broke our backs to create this show a
lot of blood sweat and tears and really
put our all into making it happen we
were all truly gutted it didn't go
further but we all had a lot of fun
working on it all the best
Danny composing you sayonara and say
[Music]
chop-socky jokes is a fun show that dips
its toes into more ambitious stories yet
never really commits to it what you're
left with is a stylish kung fu' tribute
and I guess that's enough for its short
run but part of me wishes it could get
another chance like with all the been 10
continuations maybe with more story
focus and today's higher standard of CG
it could make for some wild 3d action
scenes don't know if it'll ever happen
but I want it chop suey chokes get such
a bad rep and deserves a second chance
that these Chuck's bass be gone sounds
good to me
[Music]
[Applause]
it's me Jackie Pete into place the beach
and I'm gonna run down tonight planner
for y'all at 7:00 Tom and Jamie at 7:30
it's Looney tune at 8:00 it's Texas
black and a Ferdie this freakazoid
it's all happening tonight aka Cartoon
Network big new Dexter's Laboratory
Bilger tubes actually changed color when
you touch them